docs: Document the behavior of the preferred and min size (#9069)
slint-ui/slint: docs/astro/src/content/docs/reference/elements/text.mdx

A `Text` element for displaying text.

By default, the `min-width`, `min-height`, `preferred-width`, and `preferred-height`
of a `Text` element are set to fit the full text as if it were displayed on a single line
(unless the text contains explicit line breaks).

> However, if either the `wrap` or `overflow` properties are set to `word-wrap` or `elide`,

Reviewer: This sounds like I can set `wrap` to `elide` and `overflow` to `word-wrap`...
Suggestion:

    However, if the `wrap` property is set to `word-wrap`, and/or if the `overflow` property is set to `elide`,

Author: ```suggestion
However, if the `wrap` property is set to `word-wrap`, and/or if the `overflow` property is set to `elide`,
```
